All right are equally strong.
So two arms are equally strong the heaviest weight they're able to lift are equal call to people equally
strong it's their strongest arms are equally strong strongest and can be both the right and the left
and so are their weakest arms.
Given your near friends arm lifting capabilities find out if you two are equally strong.
I don't really have any hints for you.
This is a pure logic based type algorithm to see if you can read and understand what they're asking
in these three sentences.
There's a lot packed in those three senses but you know we'll have some test cases here these three
for you to look at and figure out.
Let's go ahead and dive into the algorithm.
All right so hopefully you've had a second to look at it and try and understand the law the way that
I solve this problem was we're really getting asked for things here.
What is our strongest compared to our left and right arm what is our friends strong as compared to the
left and right arm.
What is our weakest compared to our left and right arm.
And what is their weakness compared to their left and right arm.
And then we need to compare those values to get our answer.
And so this is what I did I created for Conte's of variables and I call this your weakest
and was initialises conc.
We're going to we're going to set the values there but just to really paint the picture you're strongest.
And then we have for its weakest
friends strong is.
Now that we have these four initialized the first Eureka's value and you could probably VIVIR the weakest
and strongest early matter.
But what we're going to do here is we're going to do a turn area and we don't actually have to have
that there where we're going to say your left is less than or equal to your right.
And if that's true we want that to be equal to the your left value here.
If it's false we want to be equal to your right value.
So now we know which is the weaker arm here and now we're going to do the same for the strongest.
Well we're just going to reverse this and it's going to look very similar except it's going to be your
left is greater than or equal to your right.
And if that's true we're going to go ahead and return your left.
If it's false We're going to return your right.
Excellent So now we know which arm is weak Yes which arm is strongest in terms of value and that's what
we're looking for and we're going to the same exact thing with our friends left being less than or equal
to friends right.
And if that's true we're going to return friends left.
Else we're going to return friends right.
That's right.
And last but not least reading it friends left is greater than or equal to friends right.
Yes true.
We're going to return friends
left.
We're going to turn friends.
Right.
All right.
So we have we now know what the values of our of our strings of our numbers are.
And now all we do in our return statement is evaluated.
And so we're going to have.
I liked your group.
When I when I'm dealing with multiple statements but based off the problem and say hey are we is my
strong is equal to my friend strongest and is my weakness equal to my friend's weakness.
That's really what they're asking at the end of the day.
So we could do something like this where you check raise your srong is equally equal to friends.
Strong us
and is your weakest people equal to your friends.
Weak is and there you go.
Let's take that off and look very good that on there and that's it at the end of the day.
A lot of work is play you guys get comfortable reading through sort of some of the nonsense in the garbage
and in these things shows.
Oftentimes people make things more wordy than they are but that's also part of the problem.
So we just really use Turner use and the and operator and Ghatak got our answer at the end of day.
It did take me a while when I first read this.
What are they actually asking in this problem.
And that's a skill in itself sometimes figuring out why some of these algorithms are asking and so I
hope you guys enjoyed this.